README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://nestjs.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://nestjs.com/img/logo_text.svg" width="320" alt="Nest Logo" /></a>
</p>

  <p align="center">A progressive <a href="http://nodejs.org" target="blank">Node.js</a> framework for building efficient and scalable server-side applications.</p>
    <p align="center">
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="NPM Version" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="Package License" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="NPM Downloads" /></a>
<a href="https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master" alt="CircleCI" /></a>
<a href="https://coveralls.io/github/nestjs/nest?branch=master"><img src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/nestjs/nest/badge.svg?branch=master#5" alt="Coverage" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-online-brightgreen.svg" alt="Discord"/></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#backer"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg" alt="Backers on Open Collective" /></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg" alt="Sponsors on Open Collective" /></a>
  <a href="https://paypal.me/kamilmysliwiec"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-dc3d53.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/nestframework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/nestframework.svg?style=social&label=Follow"></a>
</p>
  <!--[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#backer)
  [![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor)-->

## Description

[OpenAPI (Swagger)](https://www.openapis.org/) module for [Nest](https://github.com/nestjs/nest).

## Installation

```bash
$ npm i --save @nestjs/swagger
```

## Quick Start

[Overview & Tutorial](https://docs.nestjs.com/openapi/introduction)

## Migration from v3

If you're currently using `@nestjs/swagger@3.*`, note the following breaking/API changes in version 4.0.

The following decorators have been changed/renamed:

- `@ApiModelProperty` is now `@ApiProperty`
- `@ApiModelPropertyOptional` is now `@ApiPropertyOptional`
- `@ApiResponseModelProperty` is now `@ApiResponseProperty`
- `@ApiImplicitQuery` is now `@ApiQuery`
- `@ApiImplicitParam` is now `@ApiParam`
- `@ApiImplicitBody` is now `@ApiBody`
- `@ApiImplicitHeader` is now `@ApiHeader`
- `@ApiOperation({ title: 'test' })` is now `@ApiOperation({ summary: 'test' })`
- `@ApiUseTags` is now `@ApiTags`

`DocumentBuilder` breaking changes (updated method signatures):

- `addTag`
- `addBearerAuth`
- `addOAuth2`
- `setContactEmail` is now `setContact`
- `setHost` has been removed
- `setSchemes` has been removed (use the `addServer` instead, e.g., `addServer('http://')`)

The following methods have been added:

- `addServer`
- `addApiKey`
- `addBasicAuth`
- `addSecurity`
- `addSecurityRequirements`

## Support

Nest is an MIT-licensed open source project. It can grow thanks to the sponsors and support by the amazing backers. If you'd like to join them, please [read more here](https://docs.nestjs.com/support).

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Kamil Myśliwiec](https://twitter.com/kammysliwiec)
- Website - [https://nestjs.com](https://nestjs.com/)
- Twitter - [@nestframework](https://twitter.com/nestframework)

## License

Nest is [MIT licensed](LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat(links): generate link objects in swagger document
Close #1159

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://nestjs.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://nestjs.com/img/logo_text.svg" width="320" alt="Nest Logo" /></a>
</p>

  <p align="center">A progressive <a href="http://nodejs.org" target="blank">Node.js</a> framework for building efficient and scalable server-side applications.</p>
    <p align="center">
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="NPM Version" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="Package License" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="NPM Downloads" /></a>
<a href="https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master" alt="CircleCI" /></a>
<a href="https://coveralls.io/github/nestjs/nest?branch=master"><img src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/nestjs/nest/badge.svg?branch=master#5" alt="Coverage" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-online-brightgreen.svg" alt="Discord"/></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#backer"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg" alt="Backers on Open Collective" /></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg" alt="Sponsors on Open Collective" /></a>
  <a href="https://paypal.me/kamilmysliwiec"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-dc3d53.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/nestframework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/nestframework.svg?style=social&label=Follow"></a>
</p>
  <!--[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#backer)
  [![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor)-->

## Description

[OpenAPI (Swagger)](https://www.openapis.org/) module for [Nest](https://github.com/nestjs/nest).

## Installation

```bash
$ npm i --save @nestjs/swagger
```

## Quick Start

[Overview & Tutorial](https://docs.nestjs.com/openapi/introduction)

## Migration from v3

If you're currently using `@nestjs/swagger@3.*`, note the following breaking/API changes in version 4.0.

The following decorators have been changed/renamed:

- `@ApiModelProperty` is now `@ApiProperty`
- `@ApiModelPropertyOptional` is now `@ApiPropertyOptional`
- `@ApiResponseModelProperty` is now `@ApiResponseProperty`
- `@ApiImplicitQuery` is now `@ApiQuery`
- `@ApiImplicitParam` is now `@ApiParam`
- `@ApiImplicitBody` is now `@ApiBody`
- `@ApiImplicitHeader` is now `@ApiHeader`
- `@ApiOperation({ title: 'test' })` is now `@ApiOperation({ summary: 'test' })`
- `@ApiUseTags` is now `@ApiTags`

The following decorators have been added:

- `@ApiDefaultGetter` to generate [link objects](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/links/) together with `@ApiProperty({link: () => Type})`
- `@ApiLink` to directly generate link objects

`DocumentBuilder` breaking changes (updated method signatures):

- `addTag`
- `addBearerAuth`
- `addOAuth2`
- `setContactEmail` is now `setContact`
- `setHost` has been removed
- `setSchemes` has been removed (use the `addServer` instead, e.g., `addServer('http://')`)

The following methods have been added:

- `addServer`
- `addApiKey`
- `addBasicAuth`
- `addSecurity`
- `addSecurityRequirements`

## Support

Nest is an MIT-licensed open source project. It can grow thanks to the sponsors and support by the amazing backers. If you'd like to join them, please [read more here](https://docs.nestjs.com/support).

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Kamil Myśliwiec](https://twitter.com/kammysliwiec)
- Website - [https://nestjs.com](https://nestjs.com/)
- Twitter - [@nestframework](https://twitter.com/nestframework)

## License

Nest is [MIT licensed](LICENSE).
